Improve docs for upgrading the Java Agent and adding Java Agent APIs (#16710)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/api-guides/guide-using-java-agent-api.mdx

## Use the API [#api]

To access the API, download it from maven central via a build tool.

> 

Author: @sdaubin The API page also asked for us to use the api jar. This can be confusing for customers so I decided to reference using build tools there as well.

Reviewer: @obenkenobi I'm not sure why our documentation recommends the zip file so often.  It makes upgrading unnecessarily complicated.

> For example with gradle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example for gradle: 
```

> Here's an example for gradle where you can replace`${agent.version}` with version of your agent: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example for gradle where you can replace `${agent.version}` with version of your agent: 
```

```groovy
implementation 'com.newrelic.agent.java:newrelic-api:8.10.0'
```

> You can call the API when the Java agent is not running. The API methods are just stubs; the implementation is added when the Java agent loads the class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can call the API even without the agent running, but the methods won't work until the agent loads your application.
```

Does this revision work?

Author: Saying a method won't work is vague. I instead mentioned they are a no-op as it is clear they just won't do anything as supposed to say error out.
